[Music]
what animal is hiding in your sole
personality test if there's one person
in this world you think you know best
it's yourself right at times we all get
surprised at what we just said or did as
if there was some hidden force leaving
us that hidden power just might be your
sole animal you want to know what yours
is
then take this fun test to find out by
the way we have tons of cool tests and
quizzes like this one on our channel so
don't forget to subscribe and ring the
notification bell that way you'll always
know what's up on the bright side of
life that has for today's test you've
got ten questions to answer and ten
seconds to make your choice don't
overthink it and just go with your gut
one pick a color you like most of all a
red the bright vibrant color of passion
be green I love all its shades and
varieties see yellow brighter than the
Sun please D white others think it's too
simple but I find it meaningful and
special
[Music]
if you picked option a you just scored
20 points as for B you've started this
test off with 30 points C gives you 10
points and D is worth 42 where do you
feel most comfortable a by the water
give me all the rivers lakes and oceans
you've got B up in the air
to closer to the clouds the better C in
the woods I want to be further from
civilization and surrounded by trees and
nature D by the fireplace
I can watch those flames crackle
non-stop
[Music]
eight is worth ten points this time B
gives you 30 C is 40 and D is 20 points
three what's your favorite food a all
kinds of desserts I've got a sweet tooth
like no other
B junk food quick and delicious is all I
need
C take give me the meat and no one gets
hurt
d some exotic cuisine I really like
experimenting with dishes in case you
picked a add 20 points to your score B
gives you 40 C is worth 10
it D is 34 what are you best at a all
kinds of sports I consider myself an
athlete be the arts I find beauty in
simple things and express myself through
art see science math physics chemistry I
never have trouble with those deep life
I'm a bona fide graduate of the school
of hard knocks and I could solve any
problem life throws at me
[Music]
athletes get 10 points for choosing a as
for B it'll give you 30 points C is
worth 20 and D will get you 40 points 5
are you a good team player a yes I like
to do my part as a member of the team B
yes not only that I'm the best team
leader C nope I'd rather get things done
on my own D teams work great when others
do everything for me it sounds like you
then add 40 points to your score as for
the leaders who went with B you get 20
if teamwork is at your forte and you
went with C you can award yourself with
10 points as for D it'll give you 30
points 6 what's your biggest fear
8 getting tracted sub small dark space I
can get claustrophobic when I'm robbed
of fresh air be losing all my friends
I'm a people person so I can't imagine
being all by myself for too long
see that life will go unnoticed it's
really important for me to be able to
express myself do something great and
get credited for it D getting publicly
humiliated I feel so awful when people
are staring at me that I could just
faint
[Music]
add 20 points to your score if you
picked a option beat is worth 40 points
C is 30 and D is 10 points 7 you just
won a million dollars in the lottery
what do you do with it
a travel around the world B buy gifts
for all my loved ones C donate it to
charity D wake up and smell the coffee I
don't believe in such good luck those
who thirst for travel get 30 points for
choosing a as for you generous folks you
get 40 points for choosing B and 24
option C the skeptics who went with B
can add 10 points to your tality 8 you
were trapped on a desert island with a
group of people what's your role in this
situation 8 building a shelter and
starting a fire we need to fight the
elements B telling others what to do
they need a leader C lifting everyone's
mood fighting off stress is just as
important deed finding fresh water and
something to eat otherwise we can die
[Music]
option a is worth 20 points fee gives
you 10 C equals 30 points and D is 49
you have a chance to send a message to
the future generation living 1,000 years
from now what would it be a take care of
the planet after all it's your home and
is already in trouble be all you need is
love respect and love each other
to make this world a better place to
live C travel more see the world and
meet new people you'll regret not having
done enough of it in the end B work hard
play harder be ambitious and achieve all
your career goals
[Music]
if you went with a you get 20 points B
is 40 C will give you 30 and D is worth
10 points 10 if you could teleport
anywhere in the world right now where
would you go 8 the Amazon rainforest B
Paris C Bali D the top of Mount Everest
[Music]
if option A sounds like the way to go
give yourself 30 points if B is your
choice you just scored 20 points option
C is worth 40 points and D is 10 now add
up all your points to find out what
animal is hiding in the depths of your
soul if your final score is a hundred to
170 points your spirit animal is a wolf
wild free and independent you're the
lone wolf type that doesn't stick with a
pack you prefer to get things done
entirely on your own you're ambitious
and determined you've got what it takes
to achieve your goals just remember that
it's okay to ask for and accept help
from others if you need it and their
offering if you scored 180 to 250 points
there is a panther hiding deep down in
your soul you have some extraordinary
skills and potential you're quick at
making choices and getting things done
the inability of others to be that fast
at making decisions and acting unknowns
you quite a bit the people around you
admire you for your beauty inside and
out but all that character you've got
makes them a little afraid to approach
you it's up to you to decide how close
you're gonna let up
get to you if you ended up with 260 to
330 points can your spirit animal is a
giraffe you're nothing like the others
your uniqueness starts with your
personality and ends with the clothes
you pick and the kings you surround
yourself with you're extremely fun to be
with but you aren't all fun and games
you're also a really hard worker cherish
that energy wrap of yours and let
yourself make choices others might find
surprising don't let them pull you down
from the top of your dream world finally
if you got 330 to 400 points you'd be a
bear in the animal world
some people make others feel happy and
warm and you're definitely one of those
individuals there's nothing you wouldn't
do for your loved ones just don't forget
to take care of yourself too it's great
to be there for others but you also need
to set aside me time as well so what
animal is hiding in your soul tell us in
the comments below don't forget to give
this video a like and share it with your
friends so that they can have some fun
with it too see you next time on the
bright side of life
[Music]